five red lights will come on and when
they go off we will be racing in New
York City away we go great Malik a
really electrifying day I am here any
beautiful Brooklyn I am teaming up with
visa to show you behind the scenes of
the formula e rates it is the first time
that it has ever been in New York it's
going to get fun it's going to get
exciting we're going cashless a lot I'll
explain a little bit more what that
means later and it's going to get
electric and the terms of just the
energy that we're putting out but all of
the cars are electric and you guys know
that I use an electric skateboard to get
everywhere in the city so the board
might make an appearance later let's get
it
fertility is a race with all electric
cars and there are 20 drivers and two
cars for each peak so instead of taking
a pit stop and refuel and gas really
quick they stop switch out cars and let
the other one charge I'm spending half
of my time at the Vita cashless village
and so we are using phones we're using
credit cards but no cash very high today
I need to introduce you guys to someone
just this era who are you Sarah I am
your feasible she's my visa mom and so
on the way from Manhattan to Brooklyn
today I was I was spending something it
was a spinster okay well she calls it a
spinster but it's really a fidget
spinner her chilling of abuse allows she
came up to me and basically said oh my
gosh I have Spencer like there's like
digit centers there
so my suspicious spinners so we're going
to surprise someone with a pigeon Center
[Music]
Finster special guest came to visit I
have a present for you though I got you
a formula sheet edges spinners oh this
is so how could you possibly I'll get to
spend your life away I will I would make
up a 40 moment ago fated a formula here
race is about to start but when I first
got here I had a lot of questions about
this sport and how do I make it relevant
to you guys I know a lot of you are into
technology as am I and I'm figuring out
that it goes way beyond just a sport
these are doing some amazing things on
their end but also just be a sport of
electric race party technology that they
are developing in their world come a
direct trickle down into consumers this
will coming very fascinating when a lot
of the funds may be on the tracks and
all the technology that goes into it
almost research for what is the
technology that's going to be more in
these like consumer vehicles and yes so
what is maybe an important finding
recently or something that has kind of
transferred from the formula V cars into
like the actual consumer market what I
think is going to become really
important is in the next couple of years
they're going to open up the technology
so in the very first couple of years
everything was spent so same kind of
power plant same kind of battery
technology things higher and so that's
the kind of set of baseline for the
series and each one of those
technologies open up remember what I
said earlier you know innovation tends
to move faster in competition because
you're trying to one-up the next guy
halfway through the race Whitney cars
that's because the batteries are huge
they couldn't change them very quickly
and the batteries don't have the
longevity to get all the way through the
forty five minute rate as they start to
open up the battery technology and
people come in and compete with new and
different ideas all the time you're
going to see this hyper speed in battery
development so what we could see in a
couple of years is maybe when they come
into the pits in the middle of the race
they just pull out one battery and put
in another or as we go even farther
they're going to complete the entire
race on one battery or electric because
in our hybrids are going to have longer
range better efficiency they'll be
reducing the weight because the battery
is going to get smaller and then all of
a sudden you're going to see that the
gains compound on each other because
reducing the weight makes more
efficiency makes you know it easier to
run long so it's really kind of exciting
I'm about to an array
[Music]
what I learned from that I'm not
quitting my day job anytime soon be a
racecar driver right time of a 26-7 for
nature good game next time with your on
the track so exciting this where it's
all going to go down felsen I just want
to say good luck going for Esther I'm
excited to watch and get that man to
three driver to get this special hashtag
canvass and basically what it means if
you get extra horsepower if your fans
come in clutch via the polls and vote
for you as their favorite driver so I'm
super fan and we have our sing about to
unfold
here is a look at the camp 43
Oh
to me I'm like wow they're loud of
everyone around us like how the cars are
so quiet I'm not used to a normal right
so apparently being electric tourists
are very very quiet
[Music]
[Applause]
your old skin turning very peachy I
applied sunscreen one good morning but I
need to find some horses I'm here with a
very special guest my new friend
Oh what you sure my name is Alvin and
Rebecca I'm the SVP of IOT and my job is
to make sure all these billions of
devices we're going to get connected to
the Internet that payment tantrum and we
can make sure we set up the foundations
of famous work seamlessly in the cash
flow well seeing is a racetrack it's got
to be connected cars there's going to be
about 300 million connected cars by
2020 and when those calls begin to get
connected there's going to be so many
opportunities for commerce to happen and
all those comments interactions can be
family they've got to be crashed the
next car pulling up parking yeah
no Creek service restaurant and actually
we have the Honda clarity which is
connected to the a of our community idea
what we have being devoted and you have
a imports of people just commish just to
see how that will work is that's going
to be in the next one be buy-in that
excitement the day has come to a close
but it's not over yet I think I want to
try to do one more thing but I am like
red as a lobster I only applied
sunscreen once today I should have known
better I want to do a quick change all
right we're good to go and if you
couldn't tell you this is a sponsored
video okay we are on the actual truck
we've been all about electric cars today
but how will the booths aboard do on the
formula E Trek
[Music]
we've encountered a roadblock
yes
[Music]
the day honestly could not have ended
any better it was so epic going cashless
today with these it was very easy
because I'm used to that in my normal
life such a pleasure to partner with my
visa mom like there is a try not me
electric skateboard thank you guys so
much for watching let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
Monday through Friday remember it's a
peachy okay bye bye
Oh